Document new EnvironmentVariablesConfigurationProvider connection string prefixes (.NET 10) (#53400)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/configuration-providers.md

### Connection string prefixes

> The Configuration API has special processing rules for connection string environment variables. These connection strings are involved in configuring Azure connection strings for the app environment. Environment variables with the prefixes shown in the table are loaded into the app with the default configuration or when no prefix is supplied to `AddEnvironmentVariables`.

Author: ```suggestion
The Configuration API has special processing rules for connection string environment variables. These connection strings are involved in configuring Azure connection strings for the app environment. Environment variables with the prefixes shown in the following tables are loaded into the app with the default configuration or when no prefix is supplied to `AddEnvironmentVariables`.
```

> Before .NET 10, four connection string prefixes are recognized:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In .NET 9 and earlier versions, four connection string prefixes are recognized:
```

| `DOCDBCONNSTR_`           | [Azure Cosmos DB](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/cosmos-db)                       |
| `EVENTHUBCONNSTR_`        | [Azure Event Hubs](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/event-hubs)                     |
| `MYSQLCONNSTR_`           | [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com)                                                          |
| `NOTIFICATIONHUBCONNSTR_` | [Azure Notification Hubs](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/notification-hubs)       |
| `POSTGRESQLCONNSTR_`      | [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org)                                                |
| `REDISCACHECONNSTR_`      | [Azure Cache for Redis](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/cache)                     |
| `SERVICEBUSCONNSTR_`      | [Azure Service Bus](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/service-bus)                   |
| `SQLAZURECONNSTR_`        | [Azure SQL Database](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/sql-database)                 |
| `SQLCONNSTR_`             | [SQL Server](https://www.microsoft.com/sql-server)                                      |

> When an environment variable is discovered and loaded into configuration with any of the prefixes shown above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an environment variable is discovered and loaded into configuration with any of the recognized prefixes:
```
